Mobile/README.md, before:

# Directory for iOS code

Directory for iOS code.

## Getting started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

You will need [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) and the Simulator. You can download Xcode from the App Store on your Mac. It comes with the Simulator as well as all necessary SDKs.

### Apple Developer Account

Register for an Apple Developer Account [here](https://developer.apple.com/account/). It will give you access to latest updates as well as documentations. You can use your iCloud account, if you already have one.

### Version support

This project is using Swift 4.0 targeting iOS 11.0.

## Directories
    .
    ├── Simplicity
    │   ├── Controllers                 # Custom UIViewControllers
    │   ├── Views                       # Custom UIViews
    │   └── SupportFiles                # AppDelegate, Assets, Info.plist, etc.
    ├── SimplicityTests
    └── SimplicityUITests

## Contribution
- Find/Create an issue, label it appropriately and assign to yourself
- Update status of the issue (card) to **In Progress** in [project](https://github.com/theAnthonyLai/CS130/projects/1)
- Create new branch off `master`
- Make sure code compile, build, and run successfully
- Make pull request back to `master`, linking any issue/feature associated with the pull request (e.g. "This pull request fixes #1")
- Once the pull request is approved/merged, the issue will be [closed automatically](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/)

## Helps and Resources
- [Xcode and Swift Resources](https://developer.apple.com/swift/resources/)
- [Apple Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation)
- Get familiar with the [iOS App Life Cycle](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/iPhone/Conceptual/iPhoneOSProgrammingGuide/TheAppLifeCycle/TheAppLifeCycle.html
)
- UCLA [Lynda.com](https://oit.ucla.edu/lynda-com) iOS and Swift courses

Commit message:

Update iOS README
Update iOS README with Xcode version and signing certificate

Mobile/README.md, after:

# Directory for iOS code

Directory for iOS code.

## Directories
    .
    ├── Simplicity
    │   ├── Controllers                 # Custom UIViewControllers
    │   ├── Views                       # Custom UIViews
    │   └── SupportFiles                # AppDelegate, Assets, Info.plist, etc.
    ├── SimplicityTests
    └── SimplicityUITests

## Getting started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

You will need [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/) (with version >= 9.0, for Swift 4.0) and the Simulator. You can download Xcode from the App Store on your Mac. It comes with the Simulator as well as all necessary SDKs.

### Apple Developer Account

You need to register for an Apple Developer Account [here](https://developer.apple.com/account/). It will give you access to latest updates as well as documentations. You can use your iCloud account, if you already have one.

### Version support

This project is using Swift 4.0 targeting iOS 11.0.

### Setup

If this is your first time running Xcode, you will need to log in to your Apple Developer Account (Xcode > Preferences > Account). Once logged in, click _Manage Certificates_ to make sure you have an iOS Development Certificate.

## Contribution
- Find/Create an issue, label it appropriately and assign to yourself
- Update status of the issue (card) to **In Progress** in [project](https://github.com/theAnthonyLai/CS130/projects/1)
- Create new branch off `master`
- Make sure code compile, build, and run successfully
- Make pull request back to `master`, linking any issue/feature associated with the pull request (e.g. "This pull request fixes #1")
- Once the pull request is approved/merged, the issue will be [closed automatically](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/)

## Helps and Resources
- [Xcode and Swift Resources](https://developer.apple.com/swift/resources/)
- [Apple Developer Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation)
- Get familiar with the [iOS App Life Cycle](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/iPhone/Conceptual/iPhoneOSProgrammingGuide/TheAppLifeCycle/TheAppLifeCycle.html
)
- UCLA [Lynda.com](https://oit.ucla.edu/lynda-com) iOS and Swift courses
